=== Pirates Yo (Ho Ho) ===

Yarr! We be pirates by the 'morrow, and we be hoistin' our sails right quick!
  As cap'n you "procured" a treasure map for yer crew, but 'fore ye had laid
  yer peepers upon the parchment, ye had made the order to cast off.

With wind in yer sails and spray o' the sea across the deck, ye retire to yer
  cabin, pull a flagon 'o mulled ale an mull over yer new map. Soon as ye
  spread the map out, ye start cussin' up what may be the foulest storm the
  crew 'ave ever witnessed.

The bleedin' varnment ye "procured" the map from let his little'ns scrawl o'er
  it with crayons! Worse yet, if yer eyes not be deceivin' ye, the map be
  scribed in crayon. Ye need best be gettin' the treasure locations 'fore ye
  boots meet the earth, lest the crew question yer judgement.






The input will consist of a map and instructions. The first line of the input
  file will contain two numbers: the map width W and the number of instructions
  I. The map will be a square arrangement of width W, spanning W lines.
  Immediately following the map will be I triples of numbers, one per line.
  The triples contain a landmark number L, a cardinal direction C, and a
  distance D.

The task is to determine all possible locations of buried treasure. This is
  accomplished by navigating from waypoint to waypoint by following the series
  of instructions based on landmarks.

Each number L corresponds to a specific landmark. However, the map may contain
  duplicate or false landmarks. The start location will be landmark 0. The next
  landmark L will be in a cardinal direction from the current location and the
  associated next waypoint will be D units of distance in the direction C from
  this landmark.

There will only be one map and associated set of instructions per input test.

Some elements of the triples will be an X, indicating the value is illegible.

Output should consist of 0-indexed coordinate pairs representing the potential
  treasure locations. The coordinates should be sorted primarily by the x value
  and secondarily by the y value. There should be no duplicates. The upper left
  corner corresponds to coordinates (0,0) with coordinate values growing down
  and to the right.


Sample Input 1:
5 3
0 - - 1 -
- - - - -
- - - - 3
- - 2 - -
- - - - -
1 S 3
2 E 2
3 N 1

Sample Solution 1:
(4, 1)



Sample Input 2:
7 4
7 - - - 7 - -
- - - 2 - - -
- - - - - - -
- 1 - 0 - 1 4
- - - - - - -
- - - - - - -
7 - - - - 7 -
2 E 3
4 S 0
1 W 1
7 E 1

Sample Solution 2:
(1, 0) (1, 6) (5, 0)



Sample Input 3:
4 2
1 - - 0
2 - - 3
- - - -
- 1 - 0
X S 2
2 E 1

Sample Solution 3:
(1, 1)
